minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:flower_pot
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:air,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:flower_pot

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_oak_sapling

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_birch_sapling

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:sapling,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_poppy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_poppy

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:yellow_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_dandelion

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=1,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_blue_orchid

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_allium
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_allium

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=3,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_azure_bluet

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=4,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_red_tulip

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=5,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_orange_tulip

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=6,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_white_tulip

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=7,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_pink_tulip

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=8,#Item=minecraft:red_flower,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_cactus
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:cactus,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_cactus

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:red_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_red_mushroom

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:brown_mushroom,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=0,#Item=minecraft:deadbush,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_dead_bush

minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=0] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=1] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=2] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=3] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=4] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=5] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=6] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=7] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=8] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=9] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=10] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=11] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=12] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=13] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=14] -> minecraft:potted_fern
minecraft:flower_pot[#Data=2,#Item=minecraft:tallgrass,contents=empty,legacy_data=15] -> minecraft:potted_fern